= Octopus Replication Example

I wanted to build an Octopus[https://github.com/tchandy/octopus] Replication Example that would work ok with <code>Rails 3.0</code>
and wouldn't break on <code>rake</code> command. That is why I created this one.

You will see that the initial commit of this project works ok, but <code>rake</code> fails on purpose. This is due to the fact that I want to show
that when <code>octopus</code> is required in <code>Gemfile</code> <code>rake</code> has problem. This generates some conflicts due to the fact that
Octopus uses the word <code>environments</code>.

Next commit of this project (version: 1.0) has the require <code>octopus</code> removed from <code>Gemfile</code> and moved to the ruby files that really
need it. This change makes the <code>rake</code> command work ok, and still the application works ok too.

It took me 1 day and a half to resolve this, that is why I wanted to publish on net. Hoping that it will help others
that face the same problem.

Your are welcome to make comments on that.

= Environment Requirements

Here is the list of requirements if you want to make this application run on your machine

* MySQL: 5.1
* rvm: 1.2.7
* ruby: 1.8.7
* gem: 1.8.8
* bundler: 1.0.21

I recommend that you use rvm[http://beginrescueend.com] and create a <code>gemset</code>. Then create <code>.rvmrc</code> file on root folder of the project that
will set your correct ruby and <code>gemset</code> use.

Then use

   bundle install

to download and lock all the gems necessary to make this work.

Also, I use a second host that has the slave MySQL node and verify that replication works ok. If you do not know how you
can do MySQL Master/Slave replication, ask me ({Panayotis Matsinopoulos}[mailto:panayotis@matsinopoulos.gr]) and I will send you detailed instructions.





